As soon as I get it. Exactly. And then we do our stuff on our end. But I would say five to ten minutes because– Some people are good at managing the chaos and some people aren't. But if they know you're coming...

Right. We should put that on when they click.

I'd say as a generic response is we have received your And we will respond. Our team has been alerted. It will respond in five or 10 minutes about via phone or something along those lines. So that way I get an automatic reply that says, hey, we know we'll be in touch in five to 10 minutes. And make sure you're calling in five to 10 minutes, whomever you have. Because that's the key to success here.

And being on top of it.

Yep, I agree. Bye.

All right. Let's go back to this. I don't know. Okay, so any other comments in terms of that great request?

No, I think it's great. It looks good. And it's a wonderful tool. We have to see it on the phone app, 'cause that's where everybody's gonna live, is in our phone. Think about this. The manager's not on site. She's at home. She gets a call from her team. She hooks her phone up. There's your next step. Bam, app, bam. And boy, it's on the roll. Or they're running around the property and they can hit the app and they don't have to be sitting in front of a laptop.

which is a wonderful thing, you know, real time. It's intuitive. And that's what's needed. Okay.

Yeah, that's...

And then just kind of on the back end of this, let's talk about mitigation real quick and rebuild. I want you to think about this as a depository here. You've got this file here. We can pull it open and see Park and River Oaks Union on San Marcos, whatever. That's great. We have that information, but It would be a beautiful thing to have a depository later as this thing, as this loss claim is evolving through mitigation, that all of the, I don't know, maybe you guys have already thought through this, but all of the moisture meter readings and all of the work that's going on in photographs and exact amounts and communication, anything that's going out to individuals is also being stored in here.

You know what, Mike?

Mike, it's not often I can say I'm ahead of you.

Oh, that's awesome. That's awesome because here's the thing.

All this can go straight to, everybody can see it, which I love. This is beautiful. And then the adjusters, we can just say, hey, guys, here's the file I'm in.

And it makes everybody's life so much easier and better. Yes, sir. Thank you. I'll tell you what, Mike, it's not often we're ahead, but.

Thank you for thinking through this because this is awesome. I love it.

So, okay, so here, you know, so you'd be clicked on that 1, and you can click on it and it opens up all the details on that. Incidents, so here's location, what type of damage flood emergency response was reported by Jane on the state. And if you want to call her, you can here's her. phone number or you can email her, description as it was recorded in the initial request, the cause, the immediate next steps that were requested at the time, Then all the daily logs will be listed by date here if you want to copy There it is.

Oh, man.

And then you can print it. Right, Jeff? Is that printable now? Yeah, you just click the print button there somewhere.

Yeah, well, I have a print button. And I'm thinking through some other fields here while you're doing this. We need to have some kind of field where once the adjuster has been assigned, to the claim. Do you have that yet? Or something we can work on where eventually the adjuster comes into play, right? And they show up on site. Well, the adjustment partner, let's say for us, is generally Crawford. And who knows?

It could be Chris. It could be anyone. And we plug their email and contact. We have them go in and put their information in. And then they can have full access to these logs and everything 100% right in their lap. It's a change. Because here's the thing. The relationship for us, now it's a little different from some owners to others. We want our vendors engaged with our adjusters day one. We want them negotiating the losses.

We want them negotiating the rebuild because heads and beds mean more to us than BMI, which is building interruption. Right. And loss of rent. We would rather have the units put back, mitigated quick and then being rebuilt quickly. So the negotiation is the biggest factor. And all of that is the information that's being transferred from one part of it to the next. And so anything we can do to streamline that to the adjuster, they're going to be, man, this makes my life so much easier and better and more fluid.

And I can go through and negotiate much better based on the data I'm seeing.

So do you want the adjuster to be like somebody at Graystar to have access to it?

So it wouldn't be just Graystar. It's going to be the adjuster at outside firm. But I'm also thinking through that kind of give you guys a back in high level on the MIP policy because we're under a master insurance policy. Now, a lot of companies aren't. They just have a carrier here and they have a single property insurance. So, you know, that's a navigational piece. You guys have got to figure out with different companies or owner groups.

Bye. For us, we have Kara Solutions. We have A. Ed. Grassmuck, and it's a whole different group. One is our... collecting all the information as accounting firm for the claim and one is doing the back-end analysis on the claim and making sure we get what we're supposed to get out of the claim and they they're working contingently with the adjusters and the contractor and all parties and operations and even myself um The thing that we want to do for and I want to get the app moving here.

I want to bring in. our RIS team, and sit down in front of them and say, here's the app that GeneXus presented it. Here's all the functions. Here's what we're doing with this app. We're rolling it out to all our owned assets in Central right now, in Texas. So to start, I guess you want to do all of Texas would be my take, and eventually move into the Northeast as you grow. the model and not Northeast, North Central, I'm sorry.

Then expand out from there too. But in doing so, get their juices flowing seeing this and actually maybe get you guys on a call with them and do the run through like you're doing with me. We'll go through the rest of it in a minute, but Get them engaged and then from there, get them to say, yes, we want Crawford to get engaged, get Crawford guys in the room and are just firm and get their buy in and say, yeah, we'd love to have this.

Can we be put on a own own asset based on our own asset list? Like, and we can figure that out.

Those guys are on your side. They're like advocating for you or are they on the insurance company side of things?

Well, so the Crawford adjusters are on the insurance company side. Yeah. They're the ones that are going to approve or disapprove, agree to the exact events and the loss claims. We have a very healthy working relationship, David, where a lot of owners don't. I want my property back like kind. I don't care about any extras. I don't care. I just want heads and beds. So I carry a lot of weight with the adjusters because when I go in with the exact amount that you guys produce or any vendor produces, I say this is what it takes to put it back together.

And we don't get into a lot of arguments over dollars because I talk about scope. When you talk about dollars and somebody ever gets you, I'm sorry, I'm taking up some time here. Okay. Going in the direction of dollars. The adjusters and the carriers all go, well, that very old contractor is trying to make money. Look at all this dollar value to an owner. When the owner says no, we're talking about scope and scope alone, and all that drywall had to be replaced in those cabinets.

I don't care about dollars because the exact amount will spit out. What it takes dollar value wise. So we always talk about scope of work. We don't care about the dollars. The dollars follow the scope. Right. In exactly. So there's a lot to be said here. A lot more maybe they've learned, but. In saying that, we need our adjusters on our side. To be privy to all this detail. And not in anything that's a drag or delayed delays decision making right moving.

So the faster we can communicate. Between all parties, the faster we can keep move, the quicker we keep moving and working through the loss in into the rebuild and through the rebuild and get you guys paid quicker to. Right.

So you'd want to give them blanket. I mean, you somebody like you has blanket access to everything on here. I imagine the property manager. You probably just want to have them give access to their property. Is that? That's correct. Okay. So the insurance, but you want the insurance adjuster to have blanket access to everything.

Well, I'm probably lost claim basis. So, We wouldn't want them necessarily to have something that's a loss that's not really going to be paid out by insurance. They don't need to see that. That happens from time to time.

Okay, so how would we know? How would we set that up to...

I think that's going to let me think through that.

Maybe have you. Or I don't know, you probably don't want to be sitting there clicking. Okay, you can have this.

Yeah, I think I would probably need to be the one to provide access to adjusters. Okay. US central. Okay.

So you have somebody who has admin level. Access your assistant or whatever she could sit there, clicking the buttons to give access to the insurance adjusters. Right?

Right. Anybody parties we would want to include.

Right. Are there other people side from insurance adjusters that you could see.

I don't really esteem, but you know.

That's internal. Okay. Okay. All right. So here's the daily, the daily logs and as they're created by our guys and you can, again, you can click. You can get the daily... field report of any of them printed out. This is labor again. You know, so this would keep track of our, this would be our people's labor on site. I imagine if you want, I mean, I guess... General laborers, I guess there's a sign in sheet.

I mean, theoretically, somebody could take a picture of it and put it in photos.

I think that would be ideal. That's sort of like documentation of the moisture maps and Things like that, you know, equipment.

So this is our technicians and this tab is all the equipment that's been put on site. When it was put on site, when it was removed, I'm at this should be days Jeff. I think Fred is hourly, right? Yeah. Oh, it is hourly. Okay. 21 hours on there. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, so here's all the equipment and how long it was in there for. Photos. We actually have this, we don't put any in this 1, but we already have this functionality.

So I can show you on 1 of the other properties.

I get it. You can upload a photo. That's great documents.

I guess Jeff, you made it. So these are all the make all the are automatically.

made the PDFs, but again, you could upload Can you open up and look at that's just a field daily field report? Yeah.

Hold on, slow down. This is a development site, so that's why it's so slow. That's not good.

Okay. Yep. Yep. That's beautiful. Okay.

And then there's a messaging aspect of it. So if the property manager is like, hey, when's this unit going to be ready, you know, it would go to whoever the team, our team is, on the project and so they can go back and forth and message each other. And, um, you know, if there's a message, um, If you go back to the If there was a message, a new message here, I guess that would be flagged, Jeff, is that right?

Yeah. Right here or on the incident side? Both. There'd be a little icon next to it on the messages. Hey, you've got mail kind of thing.

I have a question on that one. Sorry, what? I do have a question on this. Go ahead.

So thinking through, you know, somebody's got to open the app and be communicating that back and forth. And I'll be honest, I'm one of the worst for text messages. I mean, you text me, I'll get I'll hit you back. But that's not my quick. You want me, you call me, you email me and I'm going to respond really quick because either I've got my email open or I'm on the phone. As far as messages, you know, if you, how much, Fred, how much experience do you have with Procore?

A lot. Okay. So the email function in Procore works beautifully because then it goes, you're already logged in the system. So. You got your email, Procore email. The first time anyone's loaded into the system, you're placing your email. So it's like michael.best.com is allowed user in the email, right? So any email sent to and from When the app gets generated and started, so all the emails go out, anybody who responds to that email in Procore goes right back to my regular email, but it says an email out of Procore.

So it's like, Procore is the hub of all emails going in and out and keeping the record. But on my normal michael.best at graystar.com, it will pop up that I have a new message. from Procore on that project, right? It would be a nice function to add in here. So when the first initial emails go out, messages go out to say the property manager, and you're wanting to communicate between them that when they reply back off of their normal email address, maybe you have that function set up this way.

Just need to make sure. That they're sitting at their laptop or on their phone and they look at their normal email and it goes, oh, we got an email from Gen XO mitigation, blah, blah, blah. I can respond that this portal right here is keeping record of it. because it's very important to keep these records, but you're able to communicate out of your normal email cycle. Does that make sense?

Yeah, Jeff, can you do that?

Yeah, I mean, the only thing I'm thinking is like, with all these notifications that I was talking about, Is it going to be too much? Like as someone, you know, who manages a bunch of properties on the Graystar side, like... They're gonna be getting like Well, I'm not going to get these emails.

It's going to be who you're going to message. You need to drop down who you want to message. select the property manager and for daily stuff going back and forth, that's between the property manager, maybe a service manager and your team, and maybe my construction manager. But... When it comes to higher level, you need to involve me in their messaging myself or anyone north of me, say a Mark Torkelson or our risk team or even the adjusters that you can drop down and select that messaging group.

And it tagged him in that message. So it has to be selective. Ah. Does that make sense?

So, but you want it as emails, not as...

Text. Yeah, you know.

I'm personal. I mean, I guess at a higher level, I like emails. And everybody at a higher level likes emails. We don't need to be in the day-to-day back and forth. So maybe text messaging works for most of the young people today. The older crowd like myself and many of the corporate guys, we don't receive a bunch of text messages. And are in There's another problem with text messages outside of operations on the owned asset side.

On the own asset side, we're to keep communication per SEC rules and guidelines to emails and normal standard allowable communication standards, which is, you know, phone call, email through the grace bar. Email, text messages do not count. We're not supposed to on the own assets side, communicate through text message. So everybody in the operations side can. So maybe we think about that. Maybe everybody on the operations side, you can text and go through this portal and do the normal updates back and forth.

And it's logged here. But when you're communicating with anyone on the owner side, It's got to be by email. Yeah. Okay, but I think if you keep that standard, because you'll lose interest from owners if they're if they're text or emails getting blown up every day. on daily granular things going on on assets. I don't have time to micromanage, right? So I can't have 64 assets and 500 texts coming into my text inbox.

You're afraid you probably say don't text me more, you know More than once. I don't need to know what they're doing unless it's an emergency, right? If you need me, if you need me, reach out to me, right? But For owner, we just want to know weekly our... Our loss claim is going well, everything's in order, the house is in order, everything's clicking along. We get a weekly update that we can just glaze over and put down and move on.

If we have any questions, we'll reach out.

So would that entail logging into the site and seeing what's going on? What sort of messages do you want to get or what sort of emails?

Well, I help initially with the loss claims day one, but I don't need all the daily granular interactions. I'll be engaged verbally, most of the time via phone, checking on statuses, getting updates from my team. will inform me generally, you know, what's going on day to day or week to week. And then when they need me there, I might come out initially on the loss and walk it if it's a significant enough loss.

One-offs and things like that, I All I need to know is that we had a loss and it's being addressed. We have a loss that's, you know, much larger in scale and scope and cost and is going to have down units for a long period of time of any kind, like a hurricane or a fire. Or this ice storm. Then or a sprinkler breaks and floods 25 units in a high rise. I'm going to be engaged in that day one. I don't need this daily interaction.

We'll navigate that via phone and email. Okay.

How about the property manager? What do you think they're going to want to see?

They're going to want to see daily updates. Everything. My construction manager is going to want to see daily updates. because their properties are limited. Let's say, you know, Dylan has six properties. You know, so we have one loss claim on six properties. You know, for me, it's 64 properties and we have 25 properties hit or 15 properties or 10 properties. I don't have time to be down there in the weeds.

Right.

But for the property manager, is this kind of messaging? On the...

Yeah, for property manager, service manager, maybe even the regional manager, and I'm a construction manager. Those four, this work would work beautifully.

Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay.

Okay. So Jeff, you have to... In terms of routing these kinds of messages, how do they determine who to route the messages to? Is there a place to click on who they want included?

So it's-Because everyone who's assigned to the incident will... So... So everyone who's assigned to the incident, which you can see in the manage tab, will get the email. No, no, manage the tab on the... But it's, again, it's by your settings. So like if someone, you know. Oh, so here. Oh, okay. Here's where they can add people. That's, yeah, that's theoretically where like, you know, these are the people.

So everyone who's on here, is going to be getting the notifications if they have their settings on to receive emails so every message so if they want messages they'll get it they don't they won't but we can add an insurance adjuster here i see so can we add for all of our assets we have construction managers and most companies do Is there a heading when we click to add the construction?

OK, contact name OK title very nice. Okay.

Beautiful. Mike, so do you, and you want the insurance adjusters to be able to log in and see everything?

Yes, they should be able to log in and see the entire loss. Thank you. Okay.

Jeff, these are set up on each job individually. But this automatically triggers an update to messaging? What do you mean? Well, I mean, maybe the area manager doesn't wanna be in on every, What? So the area management-So when somebody messages, creates a new message, It's going to tell the property manager. It's going to ding their Their email saying you have a new message, go to the website or something?

Yeah. Here's a link.

That's the 1 thing I'd like to fix if they get a message, it goes to their sale. They can open it right then.

So they don't have to go log in, you're saying?

Yeah. We don't want them logging in and logging out, logging in and logging out every time there's a new message. What they need is sort of like the Procore app. The message goes out, you guys type a message in, or they reply with a message. It can be done easily through a text or an email. And no one has to log in and out once it's up and running. Right. Or they can go to the app and the messages are instantly there logging in every time.

Something has to be figured out there because you'll lose that audience pretty quick if it becomes cumbersome. We're trying to eliminate Yeah.

So if somebody... writes a message and it should go out that exact message like, hey, how many rooms do we have left? that are now rentable. That message goes out to everybody who's in. Even on the messaging. That, that, I think we're done.

Yeah, David, I think delineating messaging, like messages from documentation. Messaging on a daily basis should always be with the property and the daily ongoings of the property, which would be property manager, service manager, policymaker. Possibly the RPM, not so much. Definitely the construction manager. Okay. Outside of that, the adjuster doesn't need daily messages going back and forth in the inbox.

Neither do I or anyone. say north of the property. We need... the only the documentation. Where we go in and look at the documents and have access to the documents throughout the process of mitigation and rebuild.

So there basically needs to be a delineation between who can access the information and who's getting the messages.

Right. So did you say... like Tom Rodriguez Gets... Access, but he there's a box here that says messaging no messaging. Right? Right. Yes. But then they get a math, but the question is, okay, let's say they get a message gets sent. How many rooms do we have? It goes to the property manager and the construction manager.

But then when you want the property manager to be able to text back, Yes, text would work especially with this younger crowd this day and time at the property level and texting is permissible. And they love the text. They'd rather text than talk to you any time. And they hate looking at emails. They'd rather everything be done through text.

But you also want it to be reported in this app. This is apps keeping track of their messages and they're also doing messages between themselves. Is that what you're saying?

Correct, and here's why David. Operations is the world's worst at throwing everybody under the bus because they fail at friends laughing. That's where I'm going with this. They are the world's worst. They won't respond. They won't do their part sometimes. And then we're trying to get into units, let's say, and you guys are trying to schedule units to get into. And then you show up and then no keys are pulled and no notices have gone out to those residents.

come back tomorrow. Well, I don't allow that on my assets. If I have documentation, that we informed, our vendor informed, our operations team that they were coming out X, Y, Z time and they needed access into these units and it was reasonable and then our team fails, I will, if I have that message and sent to me, I will call operations and say, no, they're going into, you know, I've had I've had vendors standing outside the units being told they can't go in and then called operations and told them, no, they're going in.

You will notice I'm looking at the notes here and they're going in and you're going to deal with fallout of the resident period point blank. because It takes, the way I look at this, David, is there's three parties. I know where the owner. And I know where to clap. But at the end of the day, we all three have a certain level of responsibility. To ensure that we're, one, communicating well, two, performing what we're supposed to perform and doing it in a timely manner, whether it be mitigation, rebuild, or construction.

And if any part of that three-headed snake is falling apart and not doing their part, then operations will get used to tell me, David, you're not on our team. You're on the contractor's team. No, I'm on our team. You're just not on the team playing the right game. Do your part. anymore. And so I hold them as accountable as I do us and also the vendor. That's correct. Very fair way. And if all three of us are doing a part, our projects are way more successful.

They run more efficiently, effectively. And you guys make money. We get in and we get out and everybody's happier at the end of the day. Right. So, trust me, I've seen operations take a 6 month project, turn it into a year project because all their delays and I will not let that happen. So. I don't even talk about that anymore. So that's kind of why I want the messaging to be stored somewhere that we always go back to.

If I need to.

I imagine that'll give you something to think about.

Yeah. You know, the way I see it is like once the, once we have the mobile app, the messaging will be really easy in the app. I think It's best to keep as much as we can in the platform and not have like, I don't even know if it's possible to have people texting separately, like, and it flowing into the app, like all messages are, You can have notifications in different places, but you need the messages all to remain in the phone app.

Um...

So you're saying they'll have... So there'll be a messaging function that They don't have to keep logging in and out of the website. That'll be sort of like a pseudo messaging.

Yeah, the mobile app is going to look essentially identical to this. It's going to be formatted differently, but you'll just go onto the app, which will be persistently logged in. You just click the messages tab and send the message, close out of the app, open the app, check the message.

I mean, without a cumbersome login process, it'll be just like regular text almost. Yeah. Okay.

Um... Yeah. And then, you know, eventually the Like push notification, notifications on the phone. I mean, the stuff will come in layers, you know, because we get like feedback and what people are liking. But, you know, push notification saying, hey, you've got a message. Click on it. It opens the message kind of thing. Uh-huh.

But the positive part of it is everything is stored. In the app, so that becomes finger pointing time. It's like, no, no, no. I told you on this date that we need to be have access or whatever.

Yeah, yeah. And yeah, the thing that will have to be ironed out is like, The... The logic around the messaging, I didn't quite... Maybe we'll talk about this after, but like understand, you know, who gets messaged when, who doesn't.

I think you're going to have to have little boxes here, like who wants to be on the daily messaging.

It's this person, this person, this person. Look, that'll be decisions that'll be made by the Genixo team in the field. We have an understanding of who to message and who not to message. In Procore, you can set up roles, right? Yes. Permissions between different teams. different times. So maybe we can run through that with Jeff on that and we can add that because it'd be something simple for us to handle that.

Yeah, it's not that difficult. We just need to set it up. It's not that complicated.

But you want to give the property manager control of...

No, that would be us. That would be us on our end. Like in Procore on our end, we determine the permissions. So like I would, or Jeremy or whoever would know that, you know, all the immediate and daily reporting, for example, would go to the property manager or maintenance manager or whoever. But I would be able to select the permissions, but not them about, you know, Mike or whoever being able to see just, Thank you.

See and retrieve all the data. That's an us thing. The property manager doesn't get to select or deselect who sees that. That's us. That's on our end.

That should be controlled by you guys.

Yeah, that's on our end. But maybe on this side, you flag so they know who is on the messaging.

Um... I don't think it's, I mean, it doesn't, it didn't work like that in Procore. It didn't give them a notification who was able, that's.

You don't, okay. Mike, you're good with that? Yeah. You don't know who's on the, who gets the messages on the messaging side.

Okay. Last question, Fred. So is it on an incident by incident level that you'll want to select or like, you know, as a user, this user doesn't, doesn't get messages or like, you know, Amy doesn't get messages for this one incident, but she does for other, like, In Procore, it was done by the job.

Everyone has permissions on the job, and when a job is created, which essentially is what happens here when we initiate an emergency response. I mean, obviously, minute number two, I'm not selecting. My concern isn't making sure Mike has access to all the information like hour one while we're out there trying to stop this place from flooding. But, yes, that would be a job-by-job basis. Once the calm is settled, we get in there and we start adding people permissions and stuff like that.

And I think it would be important for example Let's say we respond to a loss. Obviously, the property manager, maintenance manager are on all the communication side of it. I think it would be great that once we get in there, let's say I select– like at the preserve. You know, that Mike Best... now has access to the information. I think it would be great if it sent an alert out. So to Mike, just a simple little alert or like a quick email that says you have now been added to this job with the permissions to view and access all files or something like that.

Just a message so that Mike knows like, hey, I've been added to this.

Yeah, that's one of the notifications and settings that we can have on by default. So people get alerted when they're added, if you want.

Okay. I would like, I think that's important. Okay. It would allow us to answer questions before they're asked.

It's always about being ahead. Mm-hmm.

Yeah, it's about like finding the balance between being inundated with annoying messages and getting what's useful.

I enjoy Mike's phone calls, but not when he's not happy. Like, why haven't I been added to this? Uh, yeah. Not a good one.

Quick, quick thing. I was going to, quick comment. Um, I think once we get the phone app out and we can demo it to kind of go through and just check some boxes. Make sure that's kind of fully functional. What I'd like to do is set up a corporate meeting down in Houston with my operators, and that's my city director and everyone involved, RPMs. Not so much the property managers per se because there's too many of them to start with, but to roll the app out, demo the app, and show them how fluid it works and get their buy-in.

and then get their operators on site using the app, kind of train them. use us to use our teams to train the teams, you know, kind of scenario. And then as people are integrating and using it, then get feedback into likes and dislikes of things that they would like to see a little bit. Cause nothing, you know, nothing we roll out is going to be perfect the first time it's going to be looking really nice guys.

It's beautiful. But I think there may be some other opinions out there from a property perspective that could help make this happen even better. So, you know, I think, Using the tool and working through all those functions of the tool to figure out, hey, what works best for me and not try to find something one size fits all kind of scenario. Um...

Yeah. And then there's a tab here for readings. All right. This is still, you know, work in progress here. So just like the moisture readings, the psychometric readings, what else?

Well, I mean, I guess... Thank you for a little bit. is how your moisture mapping is going to look Not just readings. I mean you got maps, you know, you gotta go in and take a A photo of a map or something and then mark it up where what walls reading what and where and what those levels are and based on a unit number right? Unit number 513 a. I want to ask Fred a question. Did you ever seen you To you.

The moisture readings.

Yes, sir. I have it all.

That they're using? Yes, sir. I have it all. Okay, good. Because I don't think we can plagiarize, but you guys can make what you want. They actually, thus far, and I've worked with a lot of companies over the years. They have the best Um... moisture reading map and mapping and the way it plays out and how beautiful it looks and is so intuitive and useful. That I think it's the best of the best so far that I've seen.

So if you guys could do duplicate something like that, that would. Man, I'm telling you that.

You know what, Mike? We've actually already duplicated it. I know Daniel's already done that. And I can make sure that that gets added for you. Yep.

Because there's a lot of times we get these and receive David, these moisture mappings and they've taken, they've gone to the site and they've taken a site plan, not so much a site plan, a unit plan. And they got scribble notes, hand scribble notes all over. And it's just horror reading. And they take color coded crayons basically and mark it up. And it's like this, you know, this is your ceiling. This is your floor.

This is your wall, whatever. Um, It's very Old school. Let's just say that. We need to move into a new age. I think Cotton hit the nail on the head with that moisture map that I saw from them.

Is that digital or is that... It's digital. It's digital. So it's like, can they do it on an iPad or something?

I would guess it could be, you know, they're using iPads with the tool. Because they have their own software, I guess they designed with some software team.

I'm sorry, who is this, Mike?

Cotton. Cotton. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And Fred can share that information with you guys.

Yep, I'm already in the process of getting that sent over. Okay.

Yeah. But these two maps, the moisture and psychometric, I mean, that's a daily progression thing where you have a date and... a room and a number.

Yeah, start and then you got through the draft phase to get to the final moisture readings that show we're ready to start build back.

Do you want to. Jeff, what was the plan here to do that? Keep it as an Excel spreadsheet that gets uploaded or do that within the app?

Yeah, I mean, if you go to the, if you go, so it's within the app. It's actually, I'm gonna have to look at what browser you're using 'cause it should be showing, but if you go, to a different, the other park. At River Oaks, folks, Listing, you should be able to see it. Or I'll have to actually, you know what? Maybe I didn't push up those most recent changes. So I can share my screen and show how it works, but I guess I didn't.

push it up.

You guys want to see that?

Yeah, I'd love to see what you have thus far, Jeff. Okay.

How do I-I gotta give you-Control or something? You gotta give me control. How do I... Um, Share.

How do I do that? I think I can, if you just unshare. I'm sure. Maybe I can request. Host disabled attendee screen sharing. Yeah. Maybe I can request.

Are you guys still seeing my screen? Yes.

There should be like a, in the bottom tab.

Allow participants to share screen.

Okay, and then you have to stop sharing.

You think I can do that?

See I mean, it should be in the bottom, bottom middle, I guess.

Yeah, let's just share. Post-op sure heard it's up the top. Okay. There you go.

Should be a control button.

Yeah, no, I'm just trying to, I gotta find the right window.

Oh, okay.

Okay, I think it's this one. Let's see. Oh no, wrong one. Sorry. I'll get it in a second. Okay, so These are the moisture readings. We can do like, so it works like Excel. And then, actually let me find a better one. Yeah, so this... This is how it works. So... Basically everything's kind of like an Excel. You can edit, you just click in, you can change it to 30. Um, You can set when you're adding, so we'll do Yeah, I need to fix this, but like you can basically, it'll, when you click away from this, it should, yeah, see it adds.

And Then you can just fill it in. So it'll be like green or red depending on how close you are. the different days. Um, And then, yeah, the psychometric readings. are also here, same functionality, you add it. just like you would in Excel. And then it creates the row and you fill in however you want and it should run the calculations and everything.

Yeah, that's a great feature. I think it's... Probably a little. maybe granular i mean that's good for you guys to track and and manage on that end i think uh Let me see if I can find-let's see. Let's see. I'm going to share my screen. If I can find the email I sent the friend.

Yeah, I'm working on getting all of those. Documents that we modified sent over to our team, Mike, so we can start incorporating some of that stuff too.

Yeah. Yeah, do you have that? picture or that moisture map Why is it going? Tell me I've never sent you an email before. That's weird. Okay, there we go. Okay, let me type in moisture Hmm. No. Let me see if I can. Map. It's been a while since I sent that over. Nothing there under my eye. Oh, man. Yeah.

I just realized that the reason why you couldn't see it is because you're not logged in as a GeneXo user.

Oh, yeah, no, I'm logged in as a client.

So it wouldn't let you know. That's why. Or any records. Okay. Hmm.

Yeah, I can't locate where I sent you those maps, Fred. Yeah, I'm looking for them right now.

I know that they are in our SharePoint, our internal SharePoint as well. Um... I will get this to everyone. You're looking at... Moisture mapping?

Or this or this actual maps? Let's see if this is. This is, I think this will show. Okay. Yeah, I can share my screen here. I found where. I've got the actual cotton one up here. Let me share.

Okay, let's go right here.

Screen one. Okay Okay, that should give you that screen. Pull this down. Pull this down. This is Cotton's daily report, so you guys can see what's generated in a daily basis. And this was from Caroline. And they have their project team listed here. Okay. And then incident, if they got contact. up here, Shelly Miller and then address and down here incident information. Date of incident, origin of loss, like you guys are recording.

Job hazard analysis defined, daily toolbox, you know, kind of like daily safety meetings happen. Operation summary, summary of what they did that day. Staffing, kind of listing that out. And this is the moisture meter log, you know, showing the whole corridor. I don't, here. This is a unit. This is beautiful because it shows, for one thing for us, what was impacted here. areas and it's all color-coded right here wood floor carpet impacted sheetrock so those areas are defined and this is actually a just a wonderful tool for us to see the areas that were impacted and actually under mitigation ain't going to be under rebuild and then their moisture mapping sort of followed the same way when we received it initially it It had this wall right well right right here this wall and it had a 64 percent 98 percent whatever note here and it's so organized and beautifully done and the ceiling area would be like ceiling area moisture reading x or you know 59 percent so Then as they dried, they started sending updates for what's going on daily and then when they got to a dry state, they said, "Hey, we're done." and the adjusters, this was all sent to the adjusters.

They could see this real time. Our team likes it because we like pretty colors anyway, and we like professional, and this looks really professional, right? Yep. Clean. Clean, very, very clean and organized, and they even have some measurements on here that they took, which was nice for kind of dimensionally what the room sizes were. There now, how they got this information in here and where are they derived the size and everything?

I don't know if they use like a map, like a unit map and then digitized it in here. Like this. But they did something to capture that and here's like impacted ceiling area and you see, they draw these lines across and then they initially had moisture readings there and then you had your floor. Carpet so wood floor carpet. Whatever it is, it's color-coded to a certain specific color, and that's carried throughout every one of these moisture maps.

Then right here, work areas in progress, It's really nice and this is pending. It tells you what's pending. This is completed. That was really nice. Work areas each unit. Same thing. So, everybody knew what was going on daily and what was being completed and what was still pending. Right? Yes, sir.

I'll stop sharing now.

So that's kind of what I sent over to Fred and said, hey, you know, if you can model something like this in some sense as far as moisture mapping and daily updates.

So are those moisture-So Do you guys still need the numbers on the moisture readings or just the visuals?

It's very important for one to understand the moisture reading up front so the adjuster can say, yeah, that's over the limit. We see it's over the limit of it's not dry. And then we see it all the way through to where they read. Yes, we're dry. Here's the moisture reading saying we're under the limits and now we're completely dry. Right? Yes.

So you do need to see the actual numbers at some point.

Yeah, everybody, the adjusters, even us, construction side.

The numbers are important for documentation, but the visual gives you a quick visual snapshot.

Yes.

It's a mix of...

I don't think we need the moisture readings every day. We need the moisture readings initially, and we need the moisture readings at the end when it's dry. Yeah, that's the only time we need to see the moisture readings. In between? I can, you know, that's daily log on your guys part, but. For me, I want to know it's wet enough to be stripped out and I want to know when it's dry enough to be building back.

And so do our so maybe on the next side to keep all that information, but then on the. The client side just show the beginning reading and the most recent is that in reading when we're pulling equipment and we're done drawing.

Right Fred? Yes sir.

I mean, internally, we keep those documents, but... Externally, they are really only concerned about wet or dry. Yeah.

You would still want to be able to go into the app and see it's still wet or yes, it's.

Yeah, we have all to be maintained there from you, but that's yeah, that's that's more maintained for our peace of mind because in mitigation, if it's not documented, it's not real. Right? So we need to keep those. Yes. But as far as gray star is concerned, they just want to know what was wet is now dry.

And if the adjusters ever come back and say, what did it read on this date? We can all pull that information and send it over to them.

Yeah. Because sometimes what adjusters will do is they'll try to put a cap on equipment. Because, you know, they say, well, reasonably this should dry in their heads. They're thinking, oh, like four days. But sometimes it goes to six days and they want an explanation as of why. And they want to see the readings because if the readings aren't there, then they're not paying you for that equipment and you're going to get a cap.

David, but insinuating circumstances allow for more.

But you have to prove it.

You have to prove it. Oh, nobody gets paid for it. Yep.

That is correct. Right for you. Yes, sir. If it's not documented or proven, you own it.

Mm-hmm. That's correct. And so the standard is if you extract first, you've got to stop the water, the bleeding. Then you extract all the moisture through vacuuming and sucking and getting all the, if it's an inch deep, quarter inch deep, wherever it's at, you suck it until you get it all up as much as possible. And then you bring drying equipment in. By the time you set drying equipment, you have basically 72 hours.

And you should be removing all your wet material in the process, documenting it, giving it and drying out And then if you're going to go over, if it's just not getting dry, sometimes that happens. You're documenting, you got all the basis of the back end support there that we've been drawing, we've been drawing, the numbers are coming down, but it's just not coming down far enough or fast enough. We can prove that then we get more hours.

Yeah, we prove dry. Yeah, that's a daily check, right?

Fred? Yes, sir. That is on and that's on us to do and that's on us to prove on gray star. They really their concern is, is our building dry. We need to prove we're the ones that are going to be looked at for the required documentation. Right. Right. And so while it is important for us to internally keep all the little minutia of the details... Graystar really just wants to know when is it wet and when is it dry.

And that's...

So how did Cotton do the debate? Fred, how do you think they got the diagram of the room like that? Is that...

Go ahead, Fred. Honestly, it's not that hard. But what it really is is... You can't do it on the phone. We used to do this in the field. A lot, but you can't do it on a phone and you can't do, I mean, I guess you probably could maybe do it on a laptop, although that's not very effective. Typically you're working on a, on a, uh, on a tablet. Mm-hmm. and you're dealing with a program that has some type of grid, Because rooms are just squares.

And, you know, the drawing is not... size. It's not to scale. It's just a... close drawing, right? Like it, but on the, on the, on a grid, you can easily say like, you know, each grid square is a foot. And if I know a room is 10 by 10, you just draw out, you're just walking through and you're drawing it out. And a lot of times, and it seems like that might take a lot of time, but in a lot of situations, especially in multifamily, yeah, you might have 20 units that are affected, but typically it's only two or three unit types.

So I only need two or three drawings.

Oh, you have a library going there?

Okay. Yeah, I only have two or three drawings, and I know that units one, two, and three are type A. I know that units four, five, and six are unit type B. And you can just duplicate that image, but you need, you know, it's not that hard. But you also need access on the tablet because after you draw it, you need to be able to go in there with a pin or a highlighter function and highlight the The lines of where it is wet or how far the water has creeped into the unit because it's not just the walls, the floor does.

And typically you just do that from a tablet.

Right. There's probably software that does that.

There's software that does it, but I mean, I've had the guys– I've done it in the past when– In the Stone Age, when things like that didn't exist, I built stuff like that in Excel. Right. Exactament does print out images of units. It's just a little complicated, but it really just it's a feature where you just should be able to walk through a unit with a tablet. a grid program and a pin And you're just drawing out the unit.

It's very simple. Okay. All right.

Is there anything else you want? I mean, Is there anything else... We should show them, Jeff. That's...

I don't think so. I mean, I don't know. We didn't do the properties. But that's more like user management, property management. Right.

Do you want to see that, Mike?

No, I think we're good for now because I had demoed that before on the capital project side and things like that. And kind of understand it. I think we just need to get the app out and play with it some and get everybody engaged here to using the app or utilizing the app.

Well, I mean, the app should be good enough so that it doesn't get people upset.

No, no, no, exactly, exactly. We've got the time, Steve.

Should we get together next week this time to show you what we're working on?

Let's do... I've got big meetings all the way through Tuesday and Wednesday. I'm really tied up. And then Thursday morning, I can do next week. Thursday, I've got a deposition on a loss claim in Austin from years ago. It's kind of settled now. They're coming to me as an expert witness to that. I guess depo and that's on Thursday from 9 to 11 a.m. And then so anytime Thursday after, say, noon or Friday, Friday Let me look real quick.